item.CopperIngot.name=Copper Ingot
item.TinIngot.name=Tin Ingot
item.AluminiumIngot.name=Aluminium Ingot
item.TitaniumIngot.name=Titanium Ingot
item.LeadIngot.name=Lead Ingot
item.SilverIngot.name=Silver Ingot
item.ZincIngot.name=Zinc Ingot
item.OsmiumIngot.name=Osmium Ingot
item.TungstenIngot.name=Tungsten Ingot
item.ChromiumIngot.name=Chromium Ingot
item.PureUraniumIngot.name=Pure Uranium Ingot
item.PlatinumIngot.name=Platinum Ingot
item.CobaltIngot.name=Cobalt Ingot
item.CadmiumIngot.name=Cadmium Ingot
item.NickelIngot.name=Nickel Ingot
item.ManganeseIngot.name=Manganese Ingot
item.UnrefinedUranium.name=Unrefined Uranium
item.BlueCrystal.name=Blue Crystal
item.YellowCrystal.name=Yellow Crystal
item.RedCrystal.name=Red Crystal
item.GreenCrystal.name=Green Crystal
item.PurpleCrystal.name=Purple Crystal
item.OrangeCrystal.name=Orange Crystal
item.BrassIngot.name=Brass Ingot
item.BronzeIngot.name=Bronze Ingot
item.DuraluminIngot.name=Duralumin Ingot
item.NichromeIngot.name=Nichrome Ingot
item.StelliteIngot.name=Stellite Ingot
item.ElectrumIngot.name=Electrum Ingot
item.StirlingsilverIngot.name=Stirling Silver Ingot
item.StaballoyIngot.name=Staballoy Ingot
item.UltaniumIngot.name=Ultanium Ingot
item.ColourSplicer.name=Colour Splicer
item.ColourSlicer.name=Colour Slicer
item.WoodenGear.name=Wooden Gear
item.StoneGear.name=Stone Gear
item.IronGear.name=Iron Gear

itemGroup.Yvolution=Yvolution
itemGroup.Yvolution Materials=Yvolution Materials

tile.CopperOre.name=Copper Ore
tile.TinOre.name=Tin Ore
tile.AluminiumOre.name=Aluminium Ore
tile.TitaniumOre.name=Titanium Ore
tile.LeadOre.name=Lead Ore
tile.SilverOre.name=Silver Ore
tile.ZincOre.name=Zinc Ore
tile.OsmiumOre.name=Osmium Ore
tile.TungstenOre.name=Tungsten Ore
tile.ChromiumOre.name=Chromium Ore
tile.UraniumOre.name=Uranium Ore
tile.PlatinumOre.name=Platinum Ore
tile.CobaltOre.name=Cobalt Ore
tile.CadmiumOre.name=Cadmium Ore
tile.NickelOre.name=Nickel Ore
tile.ManganeseOre.name=Manganese Ore
tile.RedcrystalOre.name=Red Crystal Ore
tile.BluecrystalOre.name=Blue Crystal Ore
tile.YellowcrystalOre.name=Yellow Crystal Ore
tile.GreencrystalOre.name=Green Crystal Ore
tile.PurplecrystalOre.name=Purple Crystal Ore
tile.OrangecrystalOre.name=Orange Crystal Ore

tile.YellowOctoidBlock.name=Yellow Octoid Block
tile.BlueOctoidBlock.name=Blue Octoid Block
tile.RedOctoidBlock.name=Red Octoid Block
tile.OrangeOctoidBlock.name=Orange Octoid Block
tile.PurpleOctoidBlock.name=Purple Octoid Block
tile.GreenOctoidBlock.name=Green Octoid Block

tile.AlloySmelterIdle.name=Alloy Smelter
tile.AlloySmelterActive.name=Alloy Smelter